Add new actions to Proofpoint TAP plugin (#895)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: proofpoint_tap/help.md

# Requirements

> * TAP service principal and secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Proofpoint TAP [service principal and secret](https://ptr-docs.proofpoint.com/ptr-guides/integrations-files/ptr-tap/#generate-tap-service-credentials) is required for all actions except Parse Alert
```

  "time_start": "2021-04-21T12:00:00Z",
  "url": "https://example.com"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|results|blocked_clicks|True|The results containing blocked clicks|

Example output:

```
{
  "results": {
    "clicksBlocked": [
      {
        "GUID": "X7sh5TwRxBZOAXb-d8ESyugsIdtfv3u",
        "classification": "malware",
        "clickIP": "208.86.202.9",
        "clickTime": "2021-04-20T21:08:13.000Z",
        "id": "0f5a7622-faa9-4e98-9b38-692581598a5e",
        "messageID": "<user@example.com>",
        "recipient": "user@example.com",
        "sender": "user@example.com",
        "senderIP": "10.25.0.30",
        "threatID": "f1f23718b35b8db3db005cd498ff0812e53fe994537567ff0a...",
        "threatStatus": "active",
        "threatTime": "2021-04-20T21:08:38.000Z",
        "threatURL": "https://threatinsight.proofpoint.com/e65934ff-e650...",
        "url": "https://example.com",
        "userAgent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_14_6) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/89.0.4389.128 Safari/537.36"
      }
    ],
    "queryEndTime": "2021-04-21T13:00:00Z"
  }
}
```

#### Parse Alert

> This action is used to parse a TAP alert. This action supports a TAP alert from a forwarded e-mail as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is used to parse a TAP alert. It is often used to parse the indicators from a forwarded e-mail containing a TAP alert. Note that this action does not require the connection to be configured.
```
